README.md, before:

# git-steal
---

`git-steal` is the best way to quickly deploy high-quality projects on GitHub.

Why struggle through coding something impressive yourself when plenty of developers have already done it?

**Just copy someone else's code and take credit for it!**

Most devs have to go through the entire software development process. This is a long journey (with six whole steps! **SIX!**)

It involves:

1. Coming up with a good idea.
2. Planning your implementation.
3. Developing the program.
4. Testing your code.
5. Refining it to fix any bugs you discover in testing.
6. Releasing the software, and hoping to be recognized for your hard work and dedication.

With `git-steal`, you can skip directly to step 6!

## Usage
---

This script was written for purely satirical purposes and should never be used.

## Inspiration
---

A few days ago, I found a copy one of my open-source personal projects, [`shallow-backup`](https://www.github.com/alichtman/shallow-backup) on someone else's GitHub profile. Now, this is exactly how the open source community should work! When you find a project you'd like to contribute to, you fork it and open pull requests to the master repo.

Except, this wasn't exactly how my project was copied...

The repo I found had (near) identical source code to what was in my repo, except all the information that identified me as the author was removed.

The plagiarizing developer had downloaded my repo as a zip file and stripped out:

1. Author tags I left at the top of the source code
2. MIT license in my name
3. Credit for a block of code written by a good friend of mine

Additionally, she had replaced every instance of `shallow-backup` with a cheeky new name, `keepsies`, and swapped in a new ASCII splash graphic. (Hey there, [@gretzky](https://github.com/gretzky), how's it goin'?)

She then reuploaded my project under a different name onto her personal github profile, hosting my work under her name.

**tl;dr**

In short, I wrote this script to satirize how commonplace it's become (in my opinion) for developers of all skill levels to steal code from others without attributing it to the real author.

## License(d)
---

Ironically.

Commit message:

Updated name and added LICENSE stripping to the script

README.md, after:

# i-made-this
---

![](img/i-made-this.png)

`i-made-this` is the best way to quickly deploy high-quality projects on GitHub.

Why struggle through building something impressive when plenty of developers have already done it?

**Just copy someone else's code and take credit for it!**

Most devs have to go through the entire software development process. This is a long journey. It involves:

1. Coming up with a good idea.
2. Planning your implementation.
3. Developing the program.
4. Testing your code.
5. Refining it to fix any bugs you discover in testing.
6. Releasing the software, and hoping to be recognized for your hard work and dedication.

With `i-made-this`, you can skip directly to step 6!

**What does it do?**

This script clones an existing github repository, renames it and publishes it to your github profile after removing the git history and license.

### Usage Instructions
---

0. Create a new repository on GitHub for your hard work to be hosted in.
1. Navigate to the local directory you'd like to "build your project" in.
2. `$ ./i-made-this` and follow the prompts.

### Why?
---

I wrote this script to satirize how commonplace it's become for developers of all skill levels to steal code from others without attributing it to the real author.

### License(d)
---

Ironically.

### Acknowledgements
---

+ Comic by [neodroidcomics](https://nedroidcomics.tumblr.com/post/41879001445/the-internet)
